# Question 2 [16 points]

You are writing server-side code for an online shop. The code will be invoked over HTTP from a mobile app. Your current code is as follows:

```java
public class ShoppingCart {
    public void buy(Product product, int quantity) {
        if (product == null) { throw new IllegalArgumentException("product cannot be null"); }
        if (quantity < 1) { throw new IllegalArgumentException("quantity must be at least 1"); }

        int price = product.getUnitPrice() * quantity;
        int discount = computeDiscount(product, quantity);
        int shippingFees = computeShippingFees(product, quantity);

        int totalPrice = price - discount + shippingFees;
        // this triggers a call to the actual credit card processor
        CreditCardProcessor.billCurrentUser(totalPrice);
    }

    private int computeDiscount(Product product, int quantity) {
        // ... discount computation logic ...
    }

    private int computeShippingFees(Product product, int quantity) {
        // ... shipping fees computation logic ...
    }
}
```

A colleague remarks that, in the future, this shop may want to partner with other shops to offer discounts,
and thus suggests refactoring into asynchronous code, so that the shop can first ask an inter-shop database
about possible discounts, which is naturally an asynchronous operation.
Explain in 1 sentence whether this is a good idea and why or why not:

> this is a good idea as we would be able to gain in performance especially by computing the discount and shipping 
> fees in parallel, and we wouldn't freeze the UI, so we get a better user experience, especially if the database
> is big and demands a lot of time to go through.

Another colleague remarks that hardcoding `CreditCardProcessor` is not a good practice,
and that `ShoppingCart` should instead have a payment processor interface as a constructor parameter.
Explain in 1 sentence whether this is a good idea and why or why not:

> this is a bad idea as this is an abstraction leak. A user buying an item does not need to know about the 
> CreditCardProcessor.

Another colleague states that a null product should throw a checked exception,
not an `IllegalArgumentException`, because users might input bad data in the app.
Explain in 1 sentence whether this is a good idea and why or why not.

> this is a good idea, as if the user inadvertently input a bad data then the program should not crash but instead 
> ask them to re-enter their input. 

A sales representative suggests adding a `Thread.sleep` call at the beginning of `buy`,
so that a future version of the software can remove it and advertise increased speed to customers.
Explain in 1 sentence whether this is a good idea and why or why not:

> this is a bad idea, as this will slow down the app. If they want increased speed, they can try to increase
> their code performance by using adequate libraries, refactoring their code and not by tricking users.
