# Question 3 [18 points]

One of your colleagues has recently taken over responsibility for a legacy codebase, a library currently used by some of your customers.
Before making functional changes, your colleague found a bug caused by incorrect use of the following method in the codebase:

```java
public class User {
    /** Indicates whether the user’s browser, if any, has JavaScript enabled. */
    public boolean hasJavascriptEnabled() { … }

    // … other methods, such as getName(), getAge(), ...
}
```

Your colleague believes that this is a bad API. Explain in 1 sentence why that is indeed the case.

> this method is not part of the user logic (abstraction leak) and thus should not be in the User class but instead 
> in a Browser class and assign one instance of Browser to a user

You are reviewing the pull request your colleague made to fix this bug. Part of the pull request deletes the `hasJavascriptEnabled` method from the code, but you disagree.
Explain in 1 sentence why this could cause issues and what should be done instead.

> this code base is still used by some of the customers and thus deleting it will cause a backward incompatibility 
> bug. We should first mark the method as deprecated, so that the customers can change their code, and then in a 
> future release we can remove it. 

The rest of the pull request fixes the bug by rewriting the method that called `hasJavascriptEnabled` to no longer need it.
Explain in 1 sentence what else the pull request should contain and why.

> it should contain comments on why such decisions were taken, so that future code reviewers will understand why
> this method is written that way

After some discussion and additional commits to address feedback, the pull request is ready.
You can either “squash” the pull request into a single commit, or leave the multiple commits as they are.
Explain in 1 sentence whether you should “squash” and why.

> no you should not squash the commits as each commit represents one change to the code base, and explains why 
> a certain decision was taken. If we squash the commits, the set of changes would not be so clear, and it will
> take time to review.
